Destination caching is enabled by default (#1016)
cap-js/docs: guides/using-services.md

The `selectionStrategy` property controls how a [destination is resolved](#destination-resolution).

> The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. It's enabled by default but can be disabled by expliticly setting it to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. It's enabled by default but can be disabled by explicitly setting it to `false`.
```

The `selectionStrategy` property controls how a [destination is resolved](#destination-resolution).

> The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. In Node.js the destination caching is enabled by default, `useCache` is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. In Node.js, the destination caching is enabled by default and `useCache` is set to `true`.
```

> The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. In Node.js, the destination caching is enabled by default and `useCache` is set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `useCache` option controls whether the SAP Cloud SDK caches the destination. It's enabled by default but can be disabled by expliticly setting it to `false`.
```

We should also adapt the snippet above and set it to false.

Author: @johannes-vogel  I think it is good to point that in Node.js it is enabled by default , because in the [link]( https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/features/connectivity/destination-cache#destination-cache)(after that), the first sentence is that it is disabled by default and that can cause confusion.

Author: And why should we change the snippet ? As it is enabled by default? If the purpose of this snippet is to show how to disable it , I am OK, but this is not the case.

Reviewer: I agree with the proposed change to the sentence by Johannes.
For the snippet: Is the example for `selectionStrategy` also showing the default?

Reviewer 2: the default for selectionStrategy is `subscriberFirst`

Author: when Johannes says....
